are
Hello and welcome to music making fr de I am the first of her
Art and I show you today another device from Cox
Like Nico series I take the Nigro Pirate
This is Nico likes cork as you can see a handbags for Dell one can
put on the desk or even for a comeback two kilos
mass
just take it somewhere we have an insight not fasting
Percent mini keyboard percent
Hard to say in March, Kock says it feels so small
Keys are also relatively good and it does not quite fall down easily
To play the piano
those of the FDIC will not introduce in the first place are in the first place
of course Carlos Downs
Pianos Roth sees Jan o
but also organs
Strings and I would say
I'll play some of that for you now
this is and choice is relatively easy to press
just the TV debate and to one of the 61 box
For example, in the relatively clear arranged under relatively
lower door but also visibly k as Ernst belongs to the first domestic ones
That's why I am now directly in the second double
third part of the
In the next place we find at stake is Jane Austen
the height
dollar
H